eight things you didn't know about Tik
Tok it wasn't always called Tik Tok
starters when the app first launched in
China in 2016 was called do you and
since then this app has been downloaded
more than 3.5 billion times that's
nearly half the number of people on this
planet and in March 2020 Tik Tok was
downloaded 1 15 million times just in
one month breaking every record ever set
this app has a really high attachment
rate with over 90% of Tik Tok users
actually using the app every single day
with the average user spending 52
minutes per day on it and so it's almost
not surprising that over 1 billion Tik
toks are consumed every single day the
most viewed Tik Tok of all time is Zack
King's magic broomstick with over 2.2
billion views and Counting and the most
lik Bella porches m to the B with a
whopping 63 million likes